Hey it's Bruno here.
Listen great job so far on the sessions really loved your work.
We're actually started to grow quite a bit at Kaikohe Corp. and just managing all the servers and databases
is becoming really really hard and we're thinking about switching some of our services to AWOS and we
wanted to test out the waters and see if this is something we want to do.
And maybe you can help us with some of this.
We're actually looking to incorporate a new badge system in our smart brain app perhaps give badges
to our users based on how many images they've submitted.
And I heard A.W. Yes lambda is really really good for something like this.
Maybe you can help set that up for us.
Cool.
Thank you.
Always it.
By the way you look fit.
Have you been working out.
All right.
Here it goes again.
Another chapter in our developer career.
We're going to learn about a very important concept that is AWOS and using infrastructure as a service
or a platform as a service to manage some of the big headaches that comes with managing your own service.
And it's going to be a really fun one and it's going to open up a whole world of possibilities.
So hang on tight.
Let's get to work and I'll see you in the next video.
Bye bye.